Hi, guys.
Welcome.
Now, this lecture, we're going to create the fields for the email and password.
Okay?
Now I'm going to do it one more time that I will copy and paste it.
But what you can simply do, you can just copy and paste it yourself.
That is, if you have mastered this process.
Okay, so now what we can do is over.
You can add a chain of command and you can have another first of all, it is with you is size books,
right?
You know what this does?
They were going to use the height as well.
20.
Okay.
Good.
Now you're going to have to test food, right?
So we're going to set decoration is going to be imputes decoration.
Okay.
We insist we should have said it's more like a place order in Istanbul.
So it's going to enter your email.
The key.
Now we're going to give you some border rights at all sides as we outline the imputes.
But by making for the.
Okay, now what you can do.
You can look at save and that's it.
Just see it again.
Look, now you can see we how you can.
But so what?
You can't do it.
You can't just get rid of it.
So now to get rid of the product, all sides we tend to if.
But I've known only people that you can save for the side report side.
That's not okay.
Good.
So for that idealistic, artsy.
During the.
Okay.
Now you can see.
We can barely see.
So what we can do is we can guess so.
So we turn that into a situation, right?
We can see, feel, feel
is true.
Okay, so that's going to give us some greenish color.
Can I go check it out?
So really, we don't need to focus for I guess this is our idea.
They can see we don't have that gray.
So it does green border because you have added this way to it.
Okay.
Well, look, I guess that's a dodge in case we don't have this feel so as well, because the forecast
for the at least I know you should know what this does.
So you can see outline if you go to they're going to say the voter side, default is going to be green
set on the other side.
They'll want to change the color to the colors, the black.
Okay.
Let's take a listen to.
Okay, Nicola, I just.
Okay, then go check it out.
Okay, great.
Okay.
Now we can close this.
Since they are the same, you can just as well use a reusable widget, but I think sometimes using the
invisible widget can make things even more complex than you think.
Okay, so this year is going to be enter your password.
I tried to save the kid, I guess is very close.
What you can't do is keep its eyes closed as well.
So you can see his size looks like it's going to be height rate of 20 as well.
Okay, great.
Great.
The ticket does look good.
Now, what you can do is you can have a button, right?
That is the registered button.
Isn't that critical?
Okay.
First of all, I'm going to give you two sides as well as a box, not a separate button of the last
word.
So I'm going to say eight or 20.
In addition, a comma there, we're going to have a container.
Okay.
Now, first of all, you're going to give the protein a weight.
You're going to get this to the screen with not to get the weight of the screen.
We can just say media.
We the media for that, of course, is the size and weight.
So with this, we've gotten the width of the screen that we just want the -48, that the height of the
button is going to be 50.
Once again, have it's a decoration.
It's going to be box decoration.
Okay, then we can have a color.
You're going to be the same color, right?
Okay.
We'll check it out.
Good.
Now we can have.
They charge that it's outside the box decoration.
They're just going to say to the left, we are going to hide.
So there's going to be Santa.
Then the child is going to be kissed.
Mrs..
Register.
Okay.
I'm going to be honest if one reads fonts.
So, Lewis says.
So sorry.
The reforms.
Which comes with the food.
Okay.
Check it out.
Because that would give a font full size to look this big of 24.
I really do know what we give it for to register it.
Think of it.
Okay, great.
Okay.
Now, on your whole, what you're going to try to do is to implement the already have an account and
log in.
So what you're going to do is to use a row right now to just get horizontally.
You're going to be needing what's a little widget.
So try to implement that yourself.
You're going to have to test that is what you already have an account that you're going to see.
Log in to that.
Log in.
You're going to create a function to take the user to the log in, log in screen.
So try to implement that yourself.
Okay.
Okay, guys, see you in this lecture.